you
today we're going to be taking the
Dorado to the back of my property and
checking out my new tree stand I just
built out a scrap two by fours and
popping off some shots at the block
target real life scenario hunting
scenario let's get started in here only
got five acres here but I'm connected to
a valley it's about 100 acres goes on
for a good ways all the way too late
Medina but I'll tell you i got a good
bit of hogs i had a good bit of deer
let's get a bill in topical shots
see if we can't pop that target this is
the first time I've gotten up in the
stand actually done in real life shoot
we say session soon trampled that's been
the hogs and the deer really work it
over pretty well and then I have a
little bump feeder right there which I
think they're starting to figure out so
let's take a couple shots my Black Widow
three and under tab it's a pretty cool
tab all right get a white hope you can
see that target not the best grouping in
the world but I'll kill shots ok let's
take three more shots
that's the damage from the void dorado
to my little 9 foot tree stand with most
the time shooting traditional my
favorite traditional bow is the hoyt
dorado I shoot st epic for hundreds 8.6
grains prints with three grand per inch
insects and I shoot 125 broadheads the
field points hard helical fletching I
shoot a black widow tab till next time
I'm time will catch you right here on
air slinging TV Tiger offerings
haha